in today's gaming news transistors
feature complete and on track for 2014
Nintendo reveals Hyrule warriors and a
fan-made remake of Jurassic Park Trust
pastor is in the works hello ladies and
gentlemen welcome back to the show force
here with your days gaming news first
time today transistor from supergiant
games the company that made Bastion is
currently feature complete and on track
for 2014 according to a post on the
game's of websites right now transistor
is in alpha state where it's just about
all of the content systems and features
we have in mind are implemented in some
fashion the game is playable from
beginning to end so they are on track
for a release for next year and there
you know more or less done they've got
to add some more things and polish it up
and of course there's still much much
more work to go in but it looks like
we'll be hearing something about that
when the game will be available sometime
relatively soon no timeframe was given
but they said to stay tuned for more
information so we expect more
information it'll eventually come and
then we'll learn about when it's
playable and that you know will
eventually get to play it anyways it's
pretty exciting I think transistor looks
amazing i love Bastion I really they
haven't done me wrong so far so I'm
looking forward to their next title and
again it's looking at this point like
it's going to be a good game as well
next up in news do you like The Legend
of Zelda do you also like dynasty
warriors oh no well if you happen to
like both you should be excited because
Hyrule warriors tentative name has been
announced this is a collaboration
between nintendo and tamko and it is
going to be essentially zelda skinned
dynasty warriors oh crap video was
released showing off of some a bit of
gameplay which pretty much confirms what
what we've been told so far about the
game that it's going to be zelda in a
dynasty warriors environment I am I only
concerned with all of this information
is that good lord dynasty warriors that
was your choice i am not adverse to the
notion of a action focused zelda game
but but man man dynasty warriors now i
know that the franchise gets a lot of
crap and many people would say
rightfully so and i can
i I've had fun playing dynasty warriors
games in the past but I think they could
probably could have just picked a better
you know this is something else I just
I've got a really bad feeling the
cross-section here there's lots of Zelda
fans there's some dynasty warrior fans
who's gonna like I feel like the dynasty
warrior friends might be disappointed in
that Zelda collaboration although if
anything they would probably be excited
because who doesn't love zelda but i'm
really concerned about the zelda fans
i'm really concerned that they're going
to go into this thing thinking oh yeah
another zelda game I've what but what
the hell is this what's why there are
seven thousand people on screen and why
am i killing all of them and one attack
I just I don't know I don't know how I
feel about this I'd like to know what
you guys think though a collaboration a
Zelda skinned dynasty warriors game is
it something you'll be interested in now
the name is currently tentative but the
game is set to come out in 2014 on the
Wii U I'm surprised that they're
releasing trailers were tentative names
but that is what they did so there you
go and last up in news today do you
remember Jurassic Park trespasser I do
it's a game where you can put your arm
out like this and then you control your
wrist and you're holding a gun and you
try to you try to move the gun around
and you try to control it and you try to
shoot the dinosaur before it kills you
and then also when you fall and you get
injured you have to look down at your
chest because apparently we've got a
tattoo the displays the current health I
I don't know the game was crazy it was
off the wall it was bananas and it was
pretty broken but I loved it and a
fan-made recreation of that very game is
currently in the works this is titled
trust passing it's been in development
since 2007 it has updated visuals as the
game is being developed on CryEngine too
and it also connects all the previously
separate levels in the game that had
loading screens into one seamless world
holy crap I didn't know about this it
was bit of development since 2007 I did
not know about this I want to play this
thing this sounds so cool updated
visuals I've taken a look at some of the
screen shots that were released it looks
and pretty I mean it's CryEngine too so
it looks like CryEngine too but to take
to make this seamless recreation of this
monkey game that I have fond fond
childhood memories of maybe it's just
because of the i don't know but i like
to the game i thought the game was
actually generally i felt immersed in it
was it was it was pretty funny i mean it
was crazy because again you you
literally like you put your arm out like
this and then like you're holding
something and you got to go green is
just it was nuts but I this is really
exciting news for me so I'm gonna keep
an eye on this project I'll let you guys
know how excessive element goes and when
and if it eventually becomes released
but yes trust passing a fan-made
recreation of Jurassic Park trespasser
it is happening and that's going to do
it for today's episode let's go thank
you guys so much for watching please be
sure to comment in the comment section
below about any of the topics discussed
here today once again this has been
force and you have just been force-fed I
mean seriously the game was it was
pretty broken like what was this why
would who's how is this a good idea you
have to like angle your wrist to n you
missed all the time because you just get
the slightly wrong angle imagine if like
real life like out to pick stuff up out
to go to go okay go my cell phone here
all right hello 01 Saget hello let's
bring it crazy I love it though I love
it